‎Jehovah has appointed “the faithful
and discreet slave” to be a watchman.
‎Now, in Bible times,
a watchman might blow a horn
‎or sound an alarm
to warn of approaching danger.
‎But watchmen often did
more than just warn people.
‎Now, Jehovah appointed Ezekiel
as a watchman.
‎Please read with me Ezekiel 33:7,
‎and see what Jehovah told him to do.
‎“As for you, son of man,
‎“I have appointed you
as a watchman to the house of Israel;
‎“and when you hear
a word from my mouth
‎you must warn them from me.”
‎The chapter you’re about to consider
in the Pure Worship book
‎is based on that scripture
and has the title
‎“I Have Appointed You as a Watchman.”
‎As you discuss this material,
‎you’ll learn what else
is required of a watchman,
‎and you’ll gain insight
into Jehovah’s personality.
‎Look for the answers
to these questions:
‎What motivates Jehovah
to appoint watchmen?
‎What twofold message
do the watchmen deliver?
‎And what is your role
in supporting pure worship?
‎Now, it can be a challenge
‎to do the work
that Jehovah has assigned to us.
‎But please be assured
that “the faithful and discreet slave”
‎appreciates your help and support.
‎And you can be sure
that Jehovah appreciates your hard work,
‎your endurance, and your loyalty.
‎The material you’re
about to discuss will give you courage,
‎and it will help you
to do your part in upholding pure worship.